
**Title:** Sparse Black-box Video Attack with Reinforcement Learning

**Source:** --

**Authors:** Huanqian Yan, Xingxing Wei, Bo Li

---

**Summary**

 The current video attacking methods can be roughly divided into two classes. The first class is called dense attack which pollutes each frame in a video, and the second class is to firstly select some key frames, and then generates perturbations on these selected frames , called as sparse attack.
The key issue of sparse attack is the selection of frames. For that, this paper formulate the black-box video attacks into Reinforcement Learning(RL).The main steps of the model raised by this paper are as follows:
	- Firstly the agent is used to select key video frames at the beginning. The input of the agent is the features of the videos extracted by a ResNet, while the output is a bernoulli function which is used to select frames. 
	- Secondly the initial perturbations of the key frames are generated by a white box attack on a pre-trained image model.
	- Thirdly gradually update the key video frames using FGSM until the attack succeeds or fails. 
The main methods used in this paper are as follows:
	FGSM+NES to estimate the gradient of the black-box model.
	The rewards are provided by both selected frames and the result of the recognition model.
	A method to estimate the maximum expectation of the reward.
According to the result of several experiments, the method raised by this paper has a better performance on query times, perturbation rate and fool rate.


---

**Strengthens**  

- Reduced the query times
- Lower Mean Absolute Perturbation(MAP)
- Fewer frames perturbated

---

**Weaknesses**  

- Weak transferability
- Several frames are directly replaced for targeted attack, which is easy to percept.
